src/pages/integration/cp4i-introduction/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Introduction to the deployment of the Cloud Pak for Integration
keywords: 'ibm, introduction, integration, cp4i'
---

## Solution Overview

The **IBM Cloud Pak for Integration** is the industry’s most complete hybrid integration platform (HIP). Access all of the integration capabilities that your team needs to balance traditional and modern styles of integration. Enact the appropriate governance to provide the right level of access to each team member. Use any of the the capabilities independently delivered via or modern DevOps process and tooling or together, through a single interface with a single login and dashboard.

![Under the Hood](hood.jpeg)

The Cloud Pak delivers several core integration capabilities.

- [API Lifecycle Management](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/api-lifecycle-management) (API Connect) allows you to expose, manage, share and monetize APIs across clouds
- [Application and Data Integration](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/application-and-data-integration) (App Connect) allows you to connect applications, data, legacy systems and modern technologies across on-premises, hybrid and multicloud environments
- [Enterprise Messaging](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/enterprise-messaging) (MQ) connects business applications through a security-rich, robust and scalable messaging hub
- [Event Streaming](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/event-streaming) built on open-source Apache Kafka it promotes Event Driven Architectures (EDA) that allows you to analyze data associated with an event and respond to it in real time
- [High-Speed Data Transfer](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/high-speed-data-transfer) (Aspera) enables you to overcome the challenges of legacy file transfer tools and physical shipping methods to move large amounts of data across global distances at maximum speed
- [Secure Gateway](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/secure-gateway) (DataPower) connects cloud and on-premises resources without the need for complex security configurations

In addition the Cloud Pak for Integration provides further capabilities to help manage your integrations.

- Operations Dashboard
- Asset Repository

## About This Guide

The goal of this guide is to provide a jump-start to installing and using the **IBM Cloud Pak for Integration**.  Additional guidance is provided for deployment the capabilities provided by the Cloud Pak into basic use cases.  It is not required that you are an IBM integration portfolio expert, some knowledge of the underlying solution technologies is advantageous.  In addition, a basic understanding of the underlying OpenShift Cloud Platform (OCP) usage and operations is expected.

## Other Resources

* <a href="http://www.redbooks.ibm.com/abstracts/sg248452.html?Open">Accelerating Modernization with Agile Integration</a>
* <a href="https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/W5GG13RN">IBM Agile Integration eBook</a>
* <a href="https://www.ibm.com/cloud/architecture/architectures/modern-integration/">IBM Garage Modern Integration Reference Architecture and PoV</a>

Commit message:

CP4I Scripts Pipelines & general cleanup

src/pages/integration/cp4i-introduction/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Introduction to the deployment of the Cloud Pak for Integration
keywords: 'ibm, introduction, integration, cp4i'
---

## Solution Overview

The **IBM Cloud Pak for Integration** is the industry’s most 
complete hybrid integration platform (HIP). Access all of the 
integration capabilities that your team needs to balance 
traditional and modern styles of integration. Enact the 
appropriate governance to provide the right level of access 
to each team member. Use any of the the capabilities 
independently delivered via a modern DevOps process and 
tooling or together, through a single interface with a 
single login and dashboard.

![Under the Hood](hood.jpeg)

The Cloud Pak delivers several core integration capabilities.

- [API Lifecycle Management](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/api-lifecycle-management) (API Connect) allows you to expose, manage, share and monetize APIs across clouds
- [Application and Data Integration](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/application-and-data-integration) (App Connect) allows you to connect applications, data, legacy systems and modern technologies across on-premises, hybrid and multicloud environments
- [Enterprise Messaging](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/enterprise-messaging) (MQ) connects business applications through a security-rich, robust and scalable messaging hub
- [Event Streaming](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/event-streaming) (Event Streams) built on open-source Apache Kafka it promotes Event Driven Architectures (EDA) that allows you to analyze data associated with an event and respond to it in real time
- [High-Speed Data Transfer](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/high-speed-data-transfer) (Aspera) enables you to overcome the challenges of legacy file transfer tools and physical shipping methods to move large amounts of data across global distances at maximum speed
- [Secure Gateway](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/cloud-pak-for-integration/secure-gateway) (DataPower) connects cloud and on-premises resources without the need for complex security configurations

In addition the Cloud Pak for Integration provides further 
capabilities to help manage your integrations.

- Operations Dashboard
- Asset Repository

The installation steps for each of these capabilities are 
provided below in the pages of this section. In addition,
there is the option of installing these capabilties 
[from the command line](https://ocp42.cloudpak8s.io/integration/scripts/) 
using scripts and using an automated Tekton DevOps pipeline.

## About This Guide

The goal of this guide is to provide a jump-start to 
installing and using the **IBM Cloud Pak for Integration**.  
Additional guidance is provided for deployment 
of [basic use cases](https://ocp42.cloudpak8s.io/integration/cp4i-scenario/) 
for the 
capabilities provided by the Cloud Pak. 
It is not required that you are an IBM integration portfolio 
expert. Some knowledge of the underlying solution 
technologies is advantageous. In addition, a basic 
understanding of the underlying OpenShift Cloud Platform 
(OCP) usage and operations is expected.

## Other Resources

* <a href="http://www.redbooks.ibm.com/abstracts/sg248452.html?Open">Accelerating Modernization with Agile Integration</a>
* <a href="https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/W5GG13RN">IBM Agile Integration eBook</a>
* <a href="https://www.ibm.com/cloud/architecture/architectures/modern-integration/">IBM Garage Modern Integration Reference Architecture and PoV</a>
