src/pages/integration/roks/index.mdx, before:

---
title: cp4i-on-roks
weight: 300
---

## Introduction

This page describes all the steps on how to deploy the Integration Cloud Pak to managed openshift on IBM cloud.  This requires a paid IBM Cloud Account with the ability to create Red Hat Open Shift clusters.  It also requires a license for which can be used to deploy the Cloud Pak for Integration.


## Deploy a managed OpenShift Cluster on IBM Cloud

6. Log into your IBM Cloud Account.  From the Dashboard on the Search Bar, enter in `Cloud Pak for Integration`.  It will take you to the section where you can create your own cluster.

7. Follow these steps to deploy Red Hat Open Shift and the Common Services -- [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-pak-integration?topic=cloud-pak-integration-getting-started)
8. After you complete the installation process it will create some default namespaces as well as apply some general security required to install the cloud pak.  It will also automatically create a `Pull Secret` for you that you can use to deploy capabilities.  This secret is called `ibm-entitlement-key` and will be referenced multiple times

## Deploy Capabilities

### you will want to create the Tracing capability first

-  [Tracing](../deploy-tracing)
-  [App Connect](../deploy-integration)
-  [API Connect](../deploy-api-mgmt)
-  [MQ](../deploy-queue-manager)
-  [Event Streams](../deploy-eventstreams)
-  [Aspera](../deploy-fast-file-transfer)
-  [DataPower](../deploy-secure-gateway)
-  [Asset Repository](../deploy-asset-repo)

Commit message:

documentation and images fixes for issues 47-52

src/pages/integration/roks/index.mdx, after:

---
title: cp4i-on-roks
weight: 300
---

## Introduction

This page describes all the steps on how to deploy the Integration Cloud Pak to managed openshift on IBM cloud.  This requires a paid IBM Cloud Account with the ability to create Red Hat Open Shift clusters.  It also requires a license for which can be used to deploy the Cloud Pak for Integration.


## Deploy a managed OpenShift Cluster on IBM Cloud

6. Log into your IBM Cloud Account.  From the Dashboard on the Search Bar, enter in `Cloud Pak for Integration`.  It will take you to the section where you can create your own cluster.

7. Follow these steps to deploy Red Hat Open Shift and the Common Services -- [here](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-pak-integration?topic=cloud-pak-integration-getting-started)
8. After you complete the installation process it will create some default namespaces as well as apply some general security required to install the cloud pak.  It will also automatically create a `Pull Secret` for you that you can use to deploy capabilities.  This secret is called `ibm-entitlement-key` and will be referenced multiple times

## Helpful Hints

This section here is designed to help with issues encountered with installing the Cloud Pak for Integration on ROKS (IBM Cloud). 

### Issues with Accessing Platform Navigator UI after install

In order to avoid issues with accessing the cp4i Platform Navigator, be sure to delete any old cp4i workspaces you no longer need or be sure to use a unique name for your project when provisioning a new Cloud Pak for Integration instance. If you have an existing cp4i workspace and then subsequently provision a new cp4i workspace, the URL link on the Offering Dashboard will be incorrect. For example the 0000 before .us-south is wrong in the following URL. Instead the 0000 needs replaced with 0001:

Incorrect URL: https://integration-integration.drm-cp4i-cluster-bd61e41b2ca9182e95120f4f372e19d6-0000.us-south.containers.appdomain.cloud/

Correct URL: https://integration-integration.drm-cp4i-cluster-bd61e41b2ca9182e95120f4f372e19d6-0001.us-south.containers.appdomain.cloud/

To delete an old workspace instance, in the IBM Cloud navigate to `Schematics->Workspaces` and delete the old workspace. Do not delete the underlying OpenShift cluster first or you will have to open a support ticket to delete your workspace as it will error out if the underlying cluster is gone.

## Deploy Capabilities

### you will want to create the Tracing capability first

-  [Tracing](../deploy-tracing)
-  [App Connect](../deploy-integration)
-  [API Connect](../deploy-api-mgmt)
-  [MQ](../deploy-queue-manager)
-  [Event Streams](../deploy-eventstreams)
-  [Aspera](../deploy-fast-file-transfer)
-  [DataPower](../deploy-secure-gateway)
-  [Asset Repository](../deploy-asset-repo)
