src/pages/playbook/index.mdx, before:

---
title:  IBM Cloud Pak Playbook
weight: 100
---

IBM Cloud™ Paks are enterprise-ready, containerized software solutions 
that give clients an open, fast and secure way to move core business 
applications to any cloud. Each IBM Cloud Pak™ runs on Red Hat® OpenShift® 
on IBM Cloud, other public clouds, or on-premises. IBM Cloud Paks include 
containerized IBM middleware and common software services for development 
and management.

The IBM Cloud Pak Playbook covers the following IBM Cloud Paks, running 
on Red Hat OpenShift 4.2 or later:

| Cloud Pak | Version | 
| :-------- | :-------------- | 
| Cloud Pak for Applications    | 4.0.0  | 
| Cloud Pak for Automation      | 19.0.3 |
| Cloud Pak for Integration     | 2019.4 |
| Cloud Pak for Multicloud Management | 1.3 |
| Cloud Pak for Security        | 1.2 |

This playbook is designed to complement the official documentation, 
adding best practices, scenario implementation guidance, and more 
detailed technical information where needed. The official 
[IBM Knowledge Center](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter) 
Cloud Pak documentation should always be used as your first source of knowledge.

The playbook is a living document following the principles of open source. It is presented AS IS to describe experiences working in specific environments. 
If you find an error, please raise a [github issue](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/cloudpak8s/issues). 
You are also invited to contribute following the instructions in the 
[Contribution Guide](https://ocp42.cloudpak8s.io/contribute/).

![](/assets/playbook/Newspaper.jpg)

| Latest Updates | Date |
| :------------- | :--- |
| Added IBM Edge Computing Manager Installation to Multicloud | 2020-04-02 |
| Updated Cloud Pak for Multicloud Installation to version 1.3 | 2020-03-30 |
| Updated Cloud Pak for Security to version 1.2 | 2020-03-30 |
| Added version information to front page | 2020-03-20 |
| Updated Multiple Cloud Pak Implementation | 2020-03-26 |

Commit message:

Add more detail to Contribution Guide

src/pages/playbook/index.mdx, after:

---
title:  IBM Cloud Pak Playbook
weight: 100
---

IBM Cloud™ Paks are enterprise-ready, containerized software solutions 
that give clients an open, fast and secure way to move core business 
applications to any cloud. Each IBM Cloud Pak™ runs on Red Hat® OpenShift® 
on IBM Cloud, other public clouds, or on-premises. IBM Cloud Paks include 
containerized IBM middleware and common software services for development 
and management.

The IBM Cloud Pak Playbook covers the following IBM Cloud Paks, running 
on Red Hat OpenShift 4.2 or later:

| Cloud Pak | Version | 
| :-------- | :-------------- | 
| Cloud Pak for Applications    | 4.0.0  | 
| Cloud Pak for Automation      | 19.0.3 |
| Cloud Pak for Integration     | 2019.4 |
| Cloud Pak for Multicloud Management | 1.3 |
| Cloud Pak for Security        | 1.2 |

This playbook is designed to complement the official documentation, 
adding best practices, scenario implementation guidance, and more 
detailed technical information where needed. The official 
[IBM Knowledge Center](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter) 
Cloud Pak documentation should always be used as your first source of knowledge.

The playbook is a living document following the principles of open source. It is presented AS IS to describe experiences working in specific environments. 
If you find an error, please raise a [github issue](https://github.com/ibm-cloud-architecture/cloudpak8s/issues). 
You are also invited to contribute following the instructions in the 
[Contribution Guide](https://ocp42.cloudpak8s.io/contribute/).

![](/assets/playbook/Newspaper.jpg)

| Latest Updates | Date &nbsp; &nbsp; |
| :-------------- | :--------- |
| More detail to [Contribution Guide](https://ocp42.cloudpak8s.io/contribute/) | 2020-04-03 |
| Added IBM Edge Computing Manager Installation | 2020-04-02 |
| Updated CP for Multicloud Installation to version 1.3 | 2020-03-30 |
| Updated CP for Security to version 1.2 | 2020-03-30 |
| Added version information to front page | 2020-03-20 |
| Updated Multiple Cloud Pak Implementation | 2020-03-26 |
